 DEEPAK RAGHAVENDAR RAJASEKAR  Learning is like Infinity, Never Stop Learning!! 170, Manor Court, Knocknacarra, Galway, Ireland. T: +353 89 941 3225 | E: raghdeep94@gmail.com.| https://www.linkedin.com/in/deepakraghavendar/    CAREER OBJECTIVE: Sedulous, responsible and hardworking engineer pursuing a master's in web development for the creation of new high-tech applications. My aim is to seek a software development position, where I can leverage my technical skills and contribute to the growth of the organization  Eligible for 1G stamp under the Third Level Graduate Scheme. EDUCATION:   SEP 2019 -2020 - MSc. in Information Systems Management, National University of Ireland, Galway. Grade Expected  1:1Course Modules: Business Application Programming using C#, Python for Business Analytics, Information systems Management, Database Systems, Web Development. Major Project:  (Team of 5; My role: Front-End Developer)  Client - GCIL Developed the customer management system to maintain records which helps them to make decisions to improve their customer service. Technologies Used: Angular, HTML5, Bootstrap 4, MySQL, Java, Spring Boot   AUG 2012-2016  Bachelors of Engineering in Electronics and Communication, Sri Sairam Institute Of Technology. Grade  7.82/10Final year project: Artificial Codriver System for preventing accidents. The system uses PIC Controllers, Zigbee, RF-ID Sensors to establish the connection between vehicles and controls them when the driver loses the control. TECHNICAL SKILLS:   Experience in C#, ASP.NET MVC5, .NET Core, RESTful Web Services, jQuery, Angular, React JS, HTML5, CSS, Bootstrap4, MySQL, Toad(Oracle), Photoshop. Worked in Agile and Waterfall Project Management Methodologies. Skilled in Visual Studio, VS Code, MySQL, Wireframes, Toad, Taiga. Proficient in Web Design and Database Management. Good Knowledge in Requirement Gathering, Project Management. CERTIFICATIONS:   Microsoft Certified .NET Programmer IBM Certified DB2 Administrator Udemy Certified in Python and Angular EXPERIENCE:  Galway Bay Hotel, Galway | Food & Beverage Assistant | Part-time | SEPT 2019  PresentLearnt skills such as teamwork, customer service, working under pressure, time management, HACCP, and Manual Handling. Tata Consultancy Services, India | System Engineer | Jan 2017- Aug 2019 Developed Flamboyant UI(Reporting System) using jQuery, HTML5 along with complex validations, RESTful web services, ER Design, Oracle stored procedures which consumes the interface. Developed the Business Logic for premium and audit based calculations using C#, REST API in a reporting project. Developed the client side predefined form validations using Angular to prevent the erroneous details before saving it to the database. Developed the Single Page Application(SPA) from scratch using Angular and .NET Core for an re-engineering project. Effectively represented the team in business review meeting with the clients and  Represented the team in a Designathon Event and designed the personal wealth management system using the wireframe GUI. SansPareil IT Services, India | Web Developer Intern | Aug 2016  Jan 2017 Developed the full stack web application using ASP.NET MVC to book the railway tickets and guided the team throughout completion. Managed the team in completing the project by initiating the daily scrum and retrospective meetings. ACHIEVEMENTS:   Star Performer of the Quarter for successfully completing the high priority web application with good coding standards and 99% Customer Satisfaction Index(CSI) Star Performer of the Montha value-ad to TCS by obtaining a re-engineering project from our client Hartford . Outstanding Performer for my valuable contribution in ticketing system during my internship tenure. . Best User ResearchEmpathy Jam UX Hackathon, Galway. Got Appreciation from TCS Domain managers for successfully developing the wealth Designathon Secured -level college Symposiums. HOBBIES:  Cricket, Table Tennis, Badminton, Listening Music, Car Driving.REFERENCES:  Saminathan Venkatesan(Business Relationship Manager-TCS)saminathan.venkatesan@tcs.com